Helloooooooo and "wElCoMe tO mY yOuTuBe cHaNnEl",


alright alright so, I started this project in 29 Jan 2022 lol, but like if you want king of procastination this was it. I had no idea 
what I was doing, and let me be real i barely actually worked on it, ijust kept saying I would.

So just one day i sat down like an NPC following a youtube drone design, spent 3 days doing it, realised I couldn't even manufacture it lol,
showed it off on my instagram then basically sacked off the design. Then I went and said lets just do the dumbest, most simplest design and bam got something printed.
Realised hwo dumb I am and that 10 mm isnt the same as 10cm pictured in my brain. So that design was nice for more photos and showing off, but was not 
practical. Now I moved on to my final design, mind you final design to actually getting this sh** to just fly off the ground lol not final in the grand scheme of
things i have planned for this drone. Designed with 2 platforms, 4 arms and the landing gear.


The programming, uft was that the biggest headache ever. So how to start, I bought 4 random motors and ESC from Alibaba on line, did I know what an ESC is, of courseeee I did 
not. I also bought a gryoscope, the MPU-6050, whyy some may ask, because yolo, seemed to fit the description of what I wanted and bam "worked".
https://oscarliang.com/esc-firmware-protocols/

So i initially tried programming the Gyro at the start of the year same time I was designing the initial shit design of the drone and when I was still a NPC at coding. Not
that much has changed. Used the MPU-6050 library, did not work, put it to the side left it for a year lol. Then i came back to it in December, and i wanted to reattempt
I used the 6050 library, and it worked, I wanted to remove a level of abstraction and wanted to use the datasheet in order to code it myself and understand how they just
randomly look at a chip and say "oh lets hack the mainframe" (no one says that) and basically code it, so started reasearching on how to read a data sheet and how to 
communciate using the i2c prtocol, and understanding different protocols. 


